chore: sec lake updates (#13075)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/amazon-integrations/aws-integrations-list/aws-security-lake-monitoring-integration.mdx

Collect and send telemetry data to New Relic from [Security Lake](https://aws.amazon.com/security-lake/) using our integration. You can use this integration to monitor your services, query incoming data, and build dashboards to observe everything at a glance.

## Activate integration [#activate]

To enable this integration, set up an S3 log forwarder. We suggest using our application for ease and convenience, but you can also set your own.

<Callout variant="info">
  You have two options for Security Lake monitoring setup. You can consolidate multiple regions to avoid repeating steps, or you can set it up on a per-region basis. 
  For more details, see [managing multiple regions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/manage-regions.html).
</Callout>

## Prerequisites [#prerequisites]

Before enabling this integration, first make sure these steps are completed for Security Lake:

1. Complete the steps mentioned in the Amazon Security Lake [Getting started guide]( https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/getting-started.html).

> 2. Complete the prerequisites mentioned under `data access` subscriber type as mentioned in [Security Lake subscriber guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/subscriber-data-access.html#prereqs-creating-subscriber)

Author: ```suggestion
2. Complete the prerequisites to setting up a subscriber with data access by following the steps in the [Security Lake subscriber guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/subscriber-data-access.html#prereqs-creating-subscriber).
```

metaDescription: "New Relic's Amazon Security Lake integration: what data it reports, and how to enable it."
---

[New Relic infrastructure integrations](/docs/infrastructure/integrations-getting-started/getting-started/introduction-infrastructure-integrations) include an integration for AWS Security Lake, allowing you to send your security log data to New Relic. 

Collect and send telemetry data to New Relic from [Security Lake](https://aws.amazon.com/security-lake/) using our integration. You can use this integration to monitor your services, query incoming data, and build dashboards to observe everything at a glance.

## Activate integration [#activate]

To enable this integration, set up an S3 log forwarder. We suggest using our application for ease and convenience, but you can also set your own.

> ## Configuration steps [#steps]

Reviewer: * This is missing guidance on [a] How would a customer configure logs to be ouput to begin with ?

```
Complete the steps mentioned in Amazon Security Lake [Getting Started Guide]( https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/getting-started.html).
```

* Pre-Requisite

```
Complete the pre-requisites mentioned under `data access` subscriber type as mentioned at [Security Lake Subscriber Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/subscriber-data-access.html#prereqs-creating-subscriber)
```

* Guidance on regions.. What is NR recommendation to install this integration per region basis or use rollup region

```
Consolidate data from multiple regions into a single rollup. We recommend consolidating multiple regions so you can avoid repeating the steps in the next section for each region. 

Amazon Security Lake collects security logs and events across AWS Regions for enabled services. AWS stores data in different Amazon S3 buckets per each region. For more details, see [managing multiple regions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/manage-regions.html).
```

Author: Ok, let me review this and update it, I'll make another commit shortly.

Here's an overview of the steps you'll be doing: 

1. [Create a Security Lake subscriber](#createSubscriber).
2. [Install our dedicated Amazon Security Lake log forwarder](#installLogForwarder).
3. [Find and use your log data](#logs).

## Create Security Lake subscriber [#create-subscriber]

1. Navigate to the Security Lake feature in your [AWS Console](console.aws.amazon.com/securitylake).
2. Select **Subscribers**, and select **Create Subscriber**.
3. Give the subscriber a name and select a region.
4. Select which log and event sources you want sent to New Relic.
4. Fill out the remaining details as described below:
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
      Field 
      </th>
      <th>
      Value  
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>
      `Data access method`
      </td>
      <td>
      S3  
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
      `Account ID`  
      </td>
      <td>

>       Insert the AWS `account ID` for the account that you want to set up monitoring for

Reviewer: Thats not correct. 
This is customer's AWS account ID where you plan on installing the New Relic provided serverless application. SL grants IAM permissions to this account

      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
      `External ID`
      </td>
      <td>

>       Insert your New Relic `AccountID`

Reviewer: Link them to [External ID](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/subscriber-data-access.html#subscriber-external-id).

      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
      `Notification details`
      </td>
      <td>
      SQS queue  
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

5. Select **Create**.

> Your `SecurityLakeSQSArn` and `SecurityLakeSubscriberRoleArn` are generated here. Take note of them because you'll need them for the next step.

Reviewer: There are no fields like this in AWS UI. You need to explain how to correlate output in UI with what is expected in function paramters
